Update subcondition of 52N05 (#225)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/errors/gql-errors.adoc

=== 52N05

> Status description:: error: procedure exception - must invoke procedure on secondary. Can't invoke procedure on this member because it is not a secondary for database `{ $db }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status description:: error: procedure exception - must invoke procedure on secondary. Cannot invoke procedure on this member because it is not a secondary for the database `{ $db }`.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, sounds good.
